README.md, before:

# Manim Code for Videos by [@far1din](https://www.youtube.com/@far1din619)

In this repo, you will find the [manim](https://www.manim.community/) code that I have used in order to create my videos. [Manim](https://www.manim.community/) is a great tool for "programatic animation" and it allows for creating beautiful animations. The code is python, and you can run it locally or on a jupyter notebook. I personally run it on colab due to the convenience of it! 😃
</br>
</br>

## Understanding the Quadratic Equation | Completing the square
[![Understanding the Quadratic Equation](https://img.youtube.com/vi/v2eu2ba_j3k/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2eu2ba_j3k)

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/v2eu2ba_j3k) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Jq4KEWVYjwlUKOV_zWpie6nij0SZ1Lg7)

</br>
</br>

## Visualizing Convolutional Neural Networks && Training a CNN
[![Visualizing Convolutional Neural Networks && Training a CNN](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2nrrzIx_i4g/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nrrzIx_i4g) [![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/JboZfxUjLSk/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JboZfxUjLSk) 

[Video - Training a CNN](https://youtu.be/2nrrzIx_i4g) | [Video - Training a CNN](https://youtu.be/2nrrzIx_i4g) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1yxo834FnhfW_gs-Tp51k3HwNkeDQo_li)

1. Find the model weights [here](https://github.com/far1din/manim/tree/main/visualizing-and-training-a-cnn) under the respective folder. For example, "0_epochs_0.0676" stands for 0 epochs (untrained) with a 6.76% accuracy.
2. Let's say you want to run the model with 0 epochs. Go into the [folder](https://github.com/far1din/manim/tree/main/visualizing-and-training-a-cnn/0_epochs_0.0676) and download M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index.
3. Create a folder in the colab notebook (click the folder button on the left bar), call the folder "mnist_model" and move in the files you just downloaded (M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index). 
4. Run the notebook block for block

*For visualizing the training process, you will need to run the notebook once for each "checkpoint". For the youtube video, we used checkpoints at 0, 1, 5 and 15 epochs. Hence, the notebook was executed four times.*
</br>
</br>

## Convolutional Neural Networks from Scratch | In Depth
[![Convolutional Neural Networks from Scratch | In Depth](https://img.youtube.com/vi/jDe5BAsT2-Y/0.jpg)]

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/jDe5BAsT2-Y) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NqOqh99Hl3CdsQtrAzgcwGpRZNZir0gp?usp=sharing)

1. Find the model weights [here](https://github.com/far1din/manim/tree/main/cnns-from-scratch-in-depth/mnist_model) and download M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index.
2. Create a folder in the colab notebook (click the folder button on the left bar), call the folder "mnist_model" and move in the files you just downloaded (M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index)
3. Run the notebook block for block!

*It might be better to run this locally on your computer if your hardware allows for it as the animations can take a while to create.*

</br>
</br>

## Backpropagation in Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs
[![Backpropagation in Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs](https://img.youtube.com/vi/z9hJzduHToc/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9hJzduHToc)

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/z9hJzduHToc) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1v97V9D-Q1l_wvIKO1klcChnL0LDZRPWQ)

Commit message:

code for the cubic formula video

README.md, after:

# Manim Code for Videos by [@far1din](https://www.youtube.com/@far1din619)

In this repo, you will find the [manim](https://www.manim.community/) code that I have used in order to create my videos. [Manim](https://www.manim.community/) is a great tool for "programatic animation" and it allows for creating beautiful animations. The code is python, and you can run it locally or on a jupyter notebook. I personally run it on colab due to the convenience of it! 😃
</br>
</br>

## The Cubic Formula. Wait what!?

[![The Cubic Formula. Wait what!?](https://img.youtube.com/vi/XMJhE-kSGjc/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMJhE-kSGjc)

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/XMJhE-kSGjc)

_Due to some challenges with running the animations on Colab, I ran everything locally instead. You can clone the 'cubic_equation' folder and run the code on your local machine 😃_
</br>
</br>

## Understanding the Quadratic Equation | Completing the square

[![Understanding the Quadratic Equation](https://img.youtube.com/vi/v2eu2ba_j3k/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2eu2ba_j3k)

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/v2eu2ba_j3k) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Jq4KEWVYjwlUKOV_zWpie6nij0SZ1Lg7)

</br>
</br>

## Visualizing Convolutional Neural Networks && Training a CNN

[![Visualizing Convolutional Neural Networks && Training a CNN](https://img.youtube.com/vi/2nrrzIx_i4g/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nrrzIx_i4g) [![IMAGE ALT TEXT HERE](https://img.youtube.com/vi/JboZfxUjLSk/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JboZfxUjLSk)

[Video - Training a CNN](https://youtu.be/2nrrzIx_i4g) | [Video - Training a CNN](https://youtu.be/2nrrzIx_i4g) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1yxo834FnhfW_gs-Tp51k3HwNkeDQo_li)

1. Find the model weights [here](https://github.com/far1din/manim/tree/main/visualizing-and-training-a-cnn) under the respective folder. For example, "0_epochs_0.0676" stands for 0 epochs (untrained) with a 6.76% accuracy.
2. Let's say you want to run the model with 0 epochs. Go into the [folder](https://github.com/far1din/manim/tree/main/visualizing-and-training-a-cnn/0_epochs_0.0676) and download M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index.
3. Create a folder in the colab notebook (click the folder button on the left bar), call the folder "mnist_model" and move in the files you just downloaded (M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index).
4. Run the notebook block for block

_For visualizing the training process, you will need to run the notebook once for each "checkpoint". For the youtube video, we used checkpoints at 0, 1, 5 and 15 epochs. Hence, the notebook was executed four times._
</br>
</br>

## Convolutional Neural Networks from Scratch | In Depth

[![Convolutional Neural Networks from Scratch | In Depth](https://img.youtube.com/vi/jDe5BAsT2-Y/0.jpg)]

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/jDe5BAsT2-Y) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1NqOqh99Hl3CdsQtrAzgcwGpRZNZir0gp?usp=sharing)

1. Find the model weights [here](https://github.com/far1din/manim/tree/main/cnns-from-scratch-in-depth/mnist_model) and download M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index.
2. Create a folder in the colab notebook (click the folder button on the left bar), call the folder "mnist_model" and move in the files you just downloaded (M.data-00000-of-00001 and M.index)
3. Run the notebook block for block!

_It might be better to run this locally on your computer if your hardware allows for it as the animations can take a while to create._

</br>
</br>

## Backpropagation in Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs

[![Backpropagation in Convolutional Neural Networks CNNs](https://img.youtube.com/vi/z9hJzduHToc/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9hJzduHToc)

[Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/z9hJzduHToc) | [**COLAB NOTEBOOK**](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1v97V9D-Q1l_wvIKO1klcChnL0LDZRPWQ)
